[DataGrid] Add api pages for data-grid and x-grid (#289)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/pages/api-docs/datagrid.md

# DataGrid API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the DataGrid React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import { DataGrid } from '@material-ui/data-grid';
```

> ## Props

Reviewer: What do you think about adding `pagination`, `disableColumnResize`, `disableMultipleColumnsSorting`, `disableMultipleSelection` to the only value supported and mentioned that it can be changed on the XGrid? It would create noise but could also create awareness of the existing X features. So I'm not sure. Happy to keep it the way your proposed, could be simpler overall :)

Author: Several approaches. We could also put the icon on the prop for the enterprise. Or leave it this way as it should be generated and when it will be, I believe it will do 2 pages

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">rows<abbr title="required">*</abbr></span> | <span class="prop-type">RowsProp</span> |  | Set of rows of type [[RowsProp]]. |
| <span class="prop-name required">columns<abbr title="required">*</abbr></span> | <span class="prop-type">Columns</span> |   | Set of columns of type [[Columns]]. |

> | <span class="prop-name">columnTypes</span> | <span class="prop-type">ColumnTypesRecord</span> |   | Extend native column types with your new column types. |

Reviewer: Until #242 is resolved

```suggestion
```

| <span class="prop-name">components</span> | <span class="prop-type">GridComponentOverridesProp</span> |   | Overrideable components. |
| <span class="prop-name">apiRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">ApiRef</span> |   | The ref object that allows grid manipulation. Can be instantiated with [[useApiRef()]]. |

> | <span class="prop-name">loading</span> | <span class="prop-type">boolean</span> |  false | Boolean prop that toggle the loading overlay. |

Reviewer: x3 (here, XGrid, source)

```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">loading</span> | <span class="prop-type">boolean</span> |  false | If `true`, a  loading overlay is displayed. |
```

| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiDataGrid-cellCenter</span> | Styles applied to the centered cell element.
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiDataGrid-footer</span> | Styles applied to the footer element.
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiDataGrid-rowCount</span> | Styles applied to the footer row count element.
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiDataGrid-selectedRowCount</span> | Styles applied to the footer selected row count element.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component style](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/blob/master/packages/grid/x-grid-modules/src/components/styled-wrappers/GridRootStyles.ts) for more detail.

## Demos

> - [DataGrid](/components/data-grid/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataGrid](/components/data-grid/#mit-version)
```
